---
layout: post
title: My Reading List
categories: math computers money science books
permalink: reading
---


## My recommended readings.
The books I've listed here are some of the most useful and eye-opening that I've gone through. I've read everything on this list and won't add anything here unless I've read it myself.

The lists are in the order they I would read them if *starting from scratch*.

If you have books that you think I should read or add to this list, feel free to let me know!

##  General

This is my recommended reading list for pretty much anyone.

- 1984 by George Orwell
- Economics in One Lesson by Henry Hazlitt
- The Quest for Cosmic Justice by Thomas Sowell
- The Righteous Mind: Why Good People Are Divided by Politics and Religion by Jonathan Haidt


## Computing
> I think every programmer should read these books, they are each so great and so important.

- CODE by Charles Petzold
- Code Complete 2 by Steve McConnell
- The Algorithm Design Manual, 2nd Ed. by Steven Skiena
- Quantum Computing Since Democritus by Scott Aaronson

#### Others that are good
- Grokking Algorithms by Aditya Bhargava
- Debugging by David J. Agans
- The C Programming Language by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie
- Neural Networks and Deep Learning by Michael Nielsen
- Team Geek by Brian Fitzpatrick and Ben Sussman

#### Papers
- [An Introduction to Programming with Threads by Andrew Birrell](https://s3.amazonaws.com/content.udacity-data.com/courses/ud923/references/ud923-birrell-paper.pdf)

#### Web Resources
- [Udacity Georgia Tech Advanced OS Prep Course Networking Section Quizzes](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud098/lessons/661559564/concepts/6859487040923)


## Physics
> it's really hard to find physics books that don't feel like they're going over the same concepts again and again.

- A Brief History of Time by Steven Hawking
- Six Easy Pieces by Richard Feynman
- Six Not So Easy Pieces by Richard Feynman
- QED by Richard Feynman


## Philosophy
- The Apology by Plato
- The Practicing Stoic: A Philosophical User's Manual by Ward Farnsworth
- The Republic by Plato
- Meditations by Marcus Aurelius
- Groundwork of the Metaphysic of Morals by Immanuel Kant


## Literature
- Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
- Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain

## Extras
These are books that I thought were really interesting, a good learning experience, or just a fun read.

- Improvise by Mick Napier
- The Enchiridion by Epictetus
- The Indisputable Existence of Santa Claus
- The United States of Absurdity by Dave Anthony and Gareth Reynolds
- Thus Spoke Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietchze
- A People's History of the Supreme Court by Peter Irons
- Born a Crime by Trevor Noah
- Gaming the Vote: Why Elections Aren't Fair by William Poundstone*
- The Euthyphro by Plato
- The Federalist Papers by Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay*
- Classical English Rhetoric by Ward Farnsworth


## MOOCS
- [Learning How to Learn](https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn)
- [Introduction to American Law](https://www.coursera.org/learn/american-law)
- [Introduction to Key Constitutional Concepts and Supreme Court Cases](https://www.coursera.org/learn/constitution)

---
> asterisks (in order)
> Before you get start attacking me, this is a book about the *mathematics of voting systems* and how they can be improved upon.
> In the federalist papers I recommend specifically: `[10, 28, 29, 71, 78, 79, 80, 81]`.
